the Book of Jonah now the word of the
the Book of Jonah now the word of the Lord came to Jonah the son of a me time
Lord came to Jonah the son of a me time
Lord came to Jonah the son of a me time arise go to Nineveh that great city and
arise go to Nineveh that great city and
arise go to Nineveh that great city and cry out against it for their wickedness
cry out against it for their wickedness
cry out against it for their wickedness has come up before me but Jonah arose to
has come up before me but Jonah arose to
has come up before me but Jonah arose to flee to Tarshish from the presence of
flee to Tarshish from the presence of
flee to Tarshish from the presence of the Lord
[Music]
[Music] Kiran bounded Joppa and found a ship
Kiran bounded Joppa and found a ship
Kiran bounded Joppa and found a ship going to Tarshish so he paid the fare
going to Tarshish so he paid the fare
going to Tarshish so he paid the fare and went down into it to go with them to
and went down into it to go with them to
and went down into it to go with them to Tarshish from the presence of the Lord
Tarshish from the presence of the Lord
Tarshish from the presence of the Lord [Music]
[Music]
[Music] but the Lord sent out a great wind on
but the Lord sent out a great wind on
but the Lord sent out a great wind on the scene there was a mighty tempest on
the scene there was a mighty tempest on
the scene there was a mighty tempest on the sea so that the ship was about to be
the sea so that the ship was about to be
the sea so that the ship was about to be broken up
then the Mariners were afraid and every
then the Mariners were afraid and every man cried out to his god and through the
man cried out to his god and through the
man cried out to his god and through the cargo that was in the ship into the sea
cargo that was in the ship into the sea
cargo that was in the ship into the sea to lighten the mood
but Jonah had gone down into the lowest
but Jonah had gone down into the lowest parts of the ship had lain down and was
parts of the ship had lain down and was
parts of the ship had lain down and was fast asleep so the captain came to us
fast asleep so the captain came to us
fast asleep so the captain came to us what do you mean sleeper arise call your
what do you mean sleeper arise call your
what do you mean sleeper arise call your God perhaps your God will consider us so
God perhaps your God will consider us so
God perhaps your God will consider us so that we may not and they said to one
that we may not and they said to one
that we may not and they said to one another
another
another come let us cast lots that we may know
come let us cast lots that we may know
come let us cast lots that we may know for whose calls this trouble has come
for whose calls this trouble has come
for whose calls this trouble has come upon us
upon us
upon us so they cast lots and the lot fell on
so they cast lots and the lot fell on
so they cast lots and the lot fell on Jonah please tell us whose calls is this
Jonah please tell us whose calls is this
Jonah please tell us whose calls is this trouble upon us what is your occupation
trouble upon us what is your occupation
trouble upon us what is your occupation and where do you come from what is your
and where do you come from what is your
and where do you come from what is your country and of what people are you I am
country and of what people are you I am
country and of what people are you I am a Hebrew and I fear the Lord the God of
a Hebrew and I fear the Lord the God of
a Hebrew and I fear the Lord the God of heaven who made the sea and the dry land
heaven who made the sea and the dry land
heaven who made the sea and the dry land when the men were exceedingly afraid why
when the men were exceedingly afraid why
when the men were exceedingly afraid why have you done this for the men knew that
have you done this for the men knew that
have you done this for the men knew that he fled from the presence of the Lord
he fled from the presence of the Lord
he fled from the presence of the Lord because he had told what shall we do to
because he had told what shall we do to
because he had told what shall we do to you
you
you that the sea may become for us for the
that the sea may become for us for the
that the sea may become for us for the sea was growing more tempestuous pick me
sea was growing more tempestuous pick me
sea was growing more tempestuous pick me up and throw me into the sea then the
up and throw me into the sea then the
up and throw me into the sea then the sea will become calm for you for I know
sea will become calm for you for I know
sea will become calm for you for I know that this great tempest is because of me
nevertheless the men will try to return
nevertheless the men will try to return to land but they could not but the sea
to land but they could not but the sea
to land but they could not but the sea continued to grow more tempestuous
continued to grow more tempestuous
continued to grow more tempestuous against them
against them
against them therefore they cried out to the Lord we
therefore they cried out to the Lord we
therefore they cried out to the Lord we pray O Lord please do not let us perish
pray O Lord please do not let us perish
pray O Lord please do not let us perish for this man's life and do not charge us
for this man's life and do not charge us
for this man's life and do not charge us with innocent blood for you O Lord have
with innocent blood for you O Lord have
with innocent blood for you O Lord have done as it pleased you
so they picked up Jonah and threw him
so they picked up Jonah and threw him into the seat yeah and the sea ceased
into the seat yeah and the sea ceased
into the seat yeah and the sea ceased from its raging
from its raging
from its raging [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then the men fear the Lord exceedingly
then the men fear the Lord exceedingly
then the men fear the Lord exceedingly and offered a sacrifice to the Lord and
and offered a sacrifice to the Lord and
and offered a sacrifice to the Lord and took vows
now the Lord had prepared a great fish
now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah
and Jonah was in the belly of the fish
and Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights
three days and three nights
three days and three nights [Music]